#summary Release notes for 2.1.x
#labels Featured

= 2.1 =

  * send error back to the post edit screen when LJ is down rather than using wp_die(), which stops all other plugins from working
  * support userpics
  * support cut text
  * switch to new meta box format so you can collapse the LJ box or move it around the post edit screen
  * fix a problem with gallery image IDs that would cause the wrong images to be shown when the [gallery] shortcode was crossposted
  * options page cleanup
  * get rid of has_cap deprecated argument notice
  * less obnoxious default styling for the crosspost header/footer
  * new developer: Stephanie Leary
  * removed references to lj-xp.com, which is no longer active
  * changed directory and file names to match versions available through wordpress.org.

= 2.1.1 =

  * Fix for `<!--more-->` tags containing text (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=76">#76</a>)
  * Added a filter, `ljxp_pre_process_post`, applied to the post content before it's crossposted (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=120">#120</a>)
  * Added option to not crosspost by default (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=67">#67</a>)
  * Added option to crosspost the excerpt instead of the full text (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=111">#111</a>)
  * Added {{{[author]}}} tag for header/footer (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=34">#34</a>)
  * Settings API! Much better security.
  * General settings cleanup. Now using two settings instead of thirteen, and removing settings on plugin uninstall.
  * More improvements to the error handling.

= 2.1.2 =

  * Fixed category handling and a warning about arrays on line 89 that could also lead to "headers already sent" message on some servers.
  * Translations: generated new POT from wordpress.org; updated old .po/.mo files to match the new text domain.

= Coming in the next release =

  * New option: default LJ privacy levels for private WP posts. (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=73">#73</a>) 
  * Support for [CustomHeaderFields]
  * Excerpts now auto-generate from the content, if we're crossposting excerpts and the post doesn't have an excerpt specified 
  * Added another filter, `ljxp_pre_process_excerpt`, applied to the excerpt before it's crossposted. Developers should use this in addition to `ljxp_pre_process_post` to support both excerpt and full-text options.
  * Relative links are now converted to full URLs before the content is crossposted (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=134">#134</a>)
  * The LiveJournal URL of the post is now stored in a custom field, so you can easily [http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/wiki/LinkingToLJ add the link to your WP entry]. (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=51">#51</a>)
  * Galleries are now crossposted with inline styles, so their grid layout is maintained (<a href="http://code.google.com/p/ljxp/issues/detail?id=117">#117</a>)